Add note to `makeExtendSchemaPlugin` docs indicating where `Channel` type originated (#1829)
graphile/crystal: postgraphile/website/postgraphile/make-extend-schema-plugin.md

> :::info
> 
> Notice `Channel` type used in the `typeDefs` for `channels` table, this is automatically created by `postgraphile` while introspecting the database. [Read more on the artifacts that are created for each database table here.](https://postgraphile.org/postgraphile/next/tables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

The `Channel` type used in the `typeDefs` above is the type that PostGraphile
generated automatically for the `channels` table. See
[Tables](/postgraphile/next/tables) for more on the artifacts generated for each
database table.
```
